Add user, group and contact service provisioning errors. (#20490)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/orgcontact.md

| onPremisesSyncEnabled | Boolean | **true** if this object is synced from an on-premises directory; **false** if this object was originally synced from an on-premises directory but is no longer synced and now mastered in Exchange; **null** if this object has never been synced from an on-premises directory (default). <br/> <br/>Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`, and `eq` for `null` values). |
| phones | [phone](phone.md) collection | List of phones for this organizational contact. Phone types can be mobile, business, and businessFax. Only one of each type can ever be present in the collection. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `not`, `in`). |
| proxyAddresses | String collection | For example: "SMTP: bob@contoso.com", "smtp: bob@sales.contoso.com". The **any** operator is required for filter expressions on multi-valued properties. Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `not`, `ge`, `le`, `startsWith`, `/$count eq 0`, `/$count ne 0`). |

> | serviceProvisioningErrors | [serviceProvisioningError](serviceprovisioningerror.md) collection | Errors published by a federated service describing a non-transient, service-specific error regarding the properties or link from a user object . <br> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `not`, for isResolved and serviceInstance).|

Reviewer: Please check if the description should go hand in hand with the resource we are adding the property to.
```suggestion
| serviceProvisioningErrors | [serviceProvisioningError](serviceprovisioningerror.md) collection | Errors published by a federated service describing a non-transient, service-specific error regarding the properties or link from an orgContact object . <br> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `not`, for isResolved and serviceInstance).|
```

  "onPremisesSyncEnabled": true,
  "phones": [{"@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.phone"}],
  "proxyAddresses": ["string"],

>   "serviceProvisioningErrors": [{"@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.serviceProvisioningXmlError"}],

Reviewer: The return type for this property should be serviceProvisioningError as per the schema.
```suggestion
  "serviceProvisioningErrors": [{"@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.serviceProvisioningError"}],
```

Author: @msewaweru we expect serviceProvisioningXmlError to be the return type here since serviceProvisioningError is an abstract model and the API returns a derived type of serviceProvisioningXmlError  by default.
